feat(curriculum): add authentication and authorization review page (#67885)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/review-authentication-and-authorization/6a296deca18766d0076c4044.md

- **Signature:** Created by hashing the encoded header and payload together with a secret key known only to the server. If the payload is tampered with, the signature won't match and the server rejects the request with a `401 Unauthorized` response.

JWTs enable **stateless authentication**. The server does not need to store session data in a database because the signature proves it created the token.

## Cross-Site Request Forgery (CSRF)

CSRF is an attack that forces an authenticated user to unknowingly execute unwanted actions on a web application. A malicious website tricks the victim browser into sending a fraudulent request to a backend server, exploiting the fact that browsers automatically attach cookies to any request going to the target server.

**Example attack flow:**

1. You log into, say, `trusted-bank.com`. The bank stores a session token in your browser cookie.
2. Without logging out, you visit `evil-hacker-site.com`.
3. The malicious site silently submits a request to `trusted-bank.com/transfer?amount=1000&to=hacker`.
4. Your browser automatically appends your bank session cookie, so the server processes the request.

> The malicious site cannot read your cookie, it simply piggybacks on the browser automatic cookie attachment.

Reviewer: Rephrased a bit for clarity.

```suggestion
The malicious site cannot read your cookie. It simply piggybacks on the fact that your browser automatically attaches cookies to any request going to the target server.
```

**Defenses against CSRF:**

- **`SameSite=Strict`:** The browser never sends the cookie if the request originates from a third-party website.
- **`SameSite=Lax`:** Allows cookies on safe navigation (clicking a link), but blocks them on cross-site form submissions and API requests.

> - **CSRF Tokens:** The server generates a random, unique token per session and attaches it to each form. The client must include it in the request headers or form data. Because a malicious site cannot access the frontend to copy the token, forged requests fail validation.

Reviewer: Reworded a bit for clarity.

```suggestion
- **CSRF Tokens:** When a user loads a page, the server generates a random, unique, and unpredictable token and attaches it to the frontend form or session. The client must include it in the request headers or form data. Because a malicious site cannot access the frontend to copy the token, forged requests fail validation.
```
